[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2015 sci-fi adventure film
Jurassic world so let's get started
the spoiler does require in part that
you've seen the previous films if you
need to see a spoiler for them check out
the link of the cards the film opens
with two brothers Zack and Gary Mitchell
visiting Jurassic world on ESO Nublar
the site of the original Jurassic Park
with their aunt Claire dieren who is the
operating manager we also meet Owen
Grady a ranger who has been training
with velociraptors especially one named
blue the head of engine security v
Hoskins beliefs that the Raptors can be
weaponized what Owen disagrees Simon
must Ronnie the parks owner inspects the
genetically engineered dinosaur
indominus rex that was created by dr.
henry woo Owen fears that because of the
genetic engineering and isolation that
the AI Rex may be too dangerous and it
eventually escapes its enclosure miss
Ronnie wants to recapture the irax
rather than kill it however most of the
recapture team is killed Zach and Gary
discover a restricted area and are
attacked by the AI Rex but managed to
escape into the ruins of the original
park eventually meeting up with Owen and
Claire they eventually return back to
the resort in pursuing the escaped
Iraq's several other dinosaurs are
released and mayhem ensues security head
Hoskins orders that the raptors be used
to track the AI Rex and Owen leads the
hunt they find the AI Rex and the
dinosaurs begin communicating and the I
Rex becomes recognized as the Alpha the
Velociraptor pack turning on Owen hoskin
has dr. ruined several dinosaur embryos
taken off the island to protect the
research hoskin continues to pack up
more embryos but is killed by a raptor
owen is able to gain control of the
raptors again and they attacked the I
Rex with only blue surviving Claire
lures the park's t-rex into battle with
the iraq's eventually the AI Rex is
killed by the park's Mosasaurus ISA
Nublar is abandoned again and the
survivors are evacuated the film ends
with Owen and Claire deciding to stay
together
so that was the spoilers for Jurassic
world if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below check out movie
spoiler alert under various forms of
social media and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching